Make clear that 'hours' param for Date() constructor is 24H (#7595)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/date/date/index.md

    - `day` {{optional_inline}}
      - : Integer value representing the day of the month. The default is `1`.
    - `hours` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : Integer value representing the hour of the day, uses 24 hours, The default is `0`
>         (midnight) and max value is 23.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : Integer value between `0` and `23` representing the hour of the day. Defaults to `0`.
```
